{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red244\green247\blue252;\red1\green1\blue1;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22180\viewh15320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 MyTravelPhilippines Link
\b0\fs24 \
http://itunes.com/apps/mytravelphilippines (goes to iTunes directly)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs26 \cf0 376830684\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewSoftware?id= 
\f0\b\fs26 \cb1 376830684
\f1\b0\fs32 \cb2 &mt=8\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \cb1 \
Hi guys, in the spirit of promoting tourism for the Philippines, me and a friend created, MyTravelPhilippines for the iPhone. Please share with your friends. \
\
Explore the Philippines in your mobile. Download MyTravelPhilippines for the iPhone. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 http://itunes.com/apps/mytravelphilippines\
\
Pinoy iphone developer + Pinoy Tourism Evangelist/Voluntourist = MyTravelPhilippines for the iPhone. 
\f2\fs30 Explore the Philippines in your mobile. Hoping to promote tourism for the Philippines!
\f0\fs24 \
http://itunes.com/apps/mytravelphilippines\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 1. Setting Defaults Page
\fs32 \
\

\fs30 Primary Language: 
\b0\fs26 English\
\

\b\fs30 Company Name: 
\b0\fs26 2RMobile\
\

\b\fs40 2. Export Compliance\

\b0\fs26 \

\b\fs30 Does your product contain encryption: 
\b0\fs26 No\
\

\b\fs40 3. Application\
\

\fs30 Application Name: 
\b0\fs26 MyTravelPhilippines\
\

\b\fs30 Application Update Description:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 What's New in Version 3.0.7:\
\
- Interface and Icon Changes. \
\
- Mobile Hotel Booking. Check Hotel Rates. Open mobile hotel booking in Safari.\
\
- Email. Send the hotel link and information to your email. Uses InApp Email so it does not close the application.\
\
- Favorites. You can add an attraction and hotel to your favorites.\
\
- Color Coded Pins. \
Red Pin - Dropped Virtual Location. \
Green Pin - Attractions\
Purple Pin - Hotels\
\
- Bug fixes\
\
****************************\
Thanks again to all those who downloaded and supported us! Please help others find out about MyTravelPhilippines by providing a 5-star rating or review on iTunes. To stay tuned, please follow our Facebook Group which can be found in www.mytravelphilippines.com \
\
If you want to contribute to our records, share a picture or provide travel information, simply email us at info@mytravelphilippines.com
\fs26 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 Application Description: \

\b0\fs26 \
Welcome to Singapore! With our success in MyTravel Philippines, we are launching the same mobile travel guide system for Singapore.\
\
* Singapore ATTRACTIONS and HOTELS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf3 * MOBILE HOTEL BOOKING.\
* UNIVERSAL APP for iPod Touch, iPhone and iPad \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 MAIN FEATURES:\
\
* MAP AND LIST VIEWS \
* GPS  \
* VIRTUAL LOCATION \
* SEARCH \
* ROADS, HYBRID, and SATELLITE maps from Google.\
* DESTINATIONS \
* FAVORITES\
\
Want to know more about our guides?  Have a read on the articles listed below:\
\
"What\'92s equally interesting is the story behind the app." \
Tips for footloose Flips - Philippine Star News by Butch Dalisay \
http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=619712\
\
My Travel Philippines \'96 How A 2-person Pinoy Team Developed this iPhone App by Caloy Libosada \
http://definitelyfilipino.com/blog/index.php/archives/2959 \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs30 \cf0 Device Requirements: 
\b0\fs26 iPhone and iPod Touch\
\

\b\fs30 Primary Category: 
\b0\fs26 Travel\
\

\b\fs30 Secondary Category: 
\b0\fs26 Navigation\
\

\b\fs30 Copyright: 
\f0\b0\fs22 2010 2RMobile
\f2\fs26 \
\

\b\fs30 Version Number: 
\b0\fs26 3.0.7\
\

\b\fs30 SKU Number: 
\f0\b0\fs24 MYTPFREEv307\
\

\f2\b\fs30 Keywords: 	
\f0\b0\fs22 philippines travel guide philippine destinations attractions hotel booking filipino map manila
\f2\fs26 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs30 \cf0 Application URL: 
\b0\fs26 http://www.mytravelphilippines.com/
\f0\fs24 \

\f2\fs26 \

\b\fs30 Support URL: 
\b0\fs26 http://www.mytravelphilippines.com/\
\

\b\fs30 Support Email Address: 
\b0\fs26 rupert@2rmobile.com\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 CheckList:\

\b0 1. ApplicationConstants should not be 127.0.0.1\
2. GPSController \
3. Test on Device 4.0.1\
4. Test on Device 3.1\
5. Logo
\fs26 \
}