{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red55\green55\blue55;\red118\green118\blue118;\red32\green38\blue44;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22180\viewh15320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa160

\f0\b\fs34 \cf2 Description\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 * MOST COMPREHENSIVE MOBILE TRAVEL GUIDE TO THE PHILIPPINES. \
* It's a universal app, so it works on the IPHONE and IPAD. \
* Totally FREE, so where's the risk? Need I say more? \
* Search by keyword or destination. \
* Shows your current GPS location and how close the attractions, hotels, tours, etc.. around you. \
* If you're far away then we still got you covered. You can use the "VIRTUAL LOCATION" pin, move it around then do a NEARBY Virtual Location search. \
* You can save and bookmark an attraction, hotel, tour, etc by adding it your favorites OR send it via email to yourself or your friend. \
* Accommodation and Tour rates, promos and discounts
\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa160

\b\fs34 \cf2 \
What's New In Version 6.0\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 - Major release to support iOS devices > 4.3. Includes iPhone 5 support. \
- Major bug fixes and speed enhancements. \
- Massive improvements to user interface layout. \
- Custom map pins images for Attractions, Hotels, etc. \
- Hotel/Room rates now included
\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 Primary Category\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Travel\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf4 Secondary Category (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Navigation\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf4 Keywords\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 philippines travel guide philippine destinations attractions hotel booking filipino map manila
\b0 \cf4 \

\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf4 Copyright\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 2012 2RMobile Pty Ltd\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf4 Contact Email Address\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 rupert@2rmobile.com\
\
http://www.mytravel-asia.com/philippines
\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf3 Commented\
* NEED BOOKING ASSISTANCE? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360
\cf3 --Most of all, we now offer BOOKING ASSISTANCE to those who need personalised accommodation needs. \

\b \cf0 Contact Information
\b0 \cf3 \
RUPERTO\
DE GUZMAN\
rupert@2rmobile.com\
+61422515731\
}